[improve][doc] SEO for Pulsar IO (#676)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/io-connectors.md

id: io-connectors
title: Built-in connector
sidebar_label: "Built-in connector"

> description: Get a comprehensive understanding of configuration, example, and Java class of Pulsar IO connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn configuration, examples, and Java classes of Pulsar IO connectors.
```
